v0.0.1 WrenAI kustomization manifests for k8s by Damien Berezenko https://medium.com/@qdrddr (#318)
Canner/WrenAI: deployment/kustomizations/README.md

> # Deployment of WrenAI to k8s with kustomization
> 1. Make sure you sutisfy the dependancies we are using to deploy WrenAI.
> 2. Adjust the values and manifests accordingly to your k8s environment.
> 3. Deploy Secrets separetly.
> 4. Then deploy the inflated kustomized app.
> 
> Note: without authentication, once you publish this in the internet enyone can acess your app, see your data and modify your settings!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deployment of WrenAI to Kubernetes with Kustomization
1. Ensure you satisfy the dependencies required to deploy WrenAI.
2. Adjust the values and manifests accordingly to fit your Kubernetes environment.
3. Deploy Secrets separately.
4. Deploy the inflated kustomized app.

Note: Without authentication, once you publish this on the internet, anyone can access your app, see your data, and modify your settings!
```

Author: ok

> ## Dependancies used in this kustomization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Dependencies used in this kustomization:
```

Author: ok

- nginx.ingress
- external-dns
- cert-manager
- kubectl kustomize
- helm (for minikube)

## Steps to deploy:

> - Before you deploy check out manifests in the `deployment/kustomizations` folder and modify them you your k8s environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before deploying, check out the manifests in the `deployment/kustomizations ` folder and modify them for your Kubernetes environment.

The `deployment/kustomizations` folder contains a `kustomization.yaml` file that will inflate the manifests into a `deployment/kustomizations/wrenai.kustomized.yaml` file used to deploy the app to your Kubernetes cluster.
```

> - Before you deploy check out manifests in the `deployment/kustomizations` folder and modify them you your k8s environment.
> The `deployment/kustomizations` folder contains a kustomization.yaml file that will inflate the manifests in to a `deployment/kustomizations/wrenai.kustimized.yaml` file used to deploy the app to your k8s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
Before deploying, check out the manifests in the `deployment/kustomizations ` folder and modify them for your Kubernetes environment.

The `deployment/kustomizations` folder contains a `kustomization.yaml` file that will inflate the manifests into a `deployment/kustomizations/wrenai.kustomized.yaml` file used to deploy the app to your Kubernetes cluster.
```
```

Author: I think you forget the closing 3 symbols for the suggestion block at the end. @wwwy3y3

Reviewer: ohh, good catch.

- `deployment/kustomizations/examples/certificate-qdrant_example.yaml` is an example of how to deploy certificates for your ingress for Qdrant. This is included just in case and is not required, usually you would not be publishing your Vector Database publically in internet. That's why it's commented in the `kustomization.yaml` file. You can use this as a template for your own certificate. It contains dependancy of cert-manager to add your certificates automatically, otherwise you'll need to add it manually.
- `deployment/kustomizations/patches` folder is empty, feel free to add your own patches & overlays there.

#### Wren-UI Database
Starting with wren-ui version 0.6.0 by default the postgres database is used for wren-ui in this kuberenetes kustomization and will be installed in the same namespace as wren-ai. If you are using older version, you may use only `sqlite`.

> - `sqllite`: If you are planing to use sqllite as your database instead of postgres, you will need to uncomment `wren-sqllite` in the volumeMounts & PVC sections of the `deployment/kustomizations/base/deploy-wren-ui.yaml` manifest. And adjust the ConfigMap file `deployment/kustomizations/base/cm.yaml` to match your database: `DB_TYPE = "sqlite"`, comment out postgres helm chart section in the `deployment/kustomizations/kustomization.yaml` file and comment out the `PG_URL` in the Secret manifest `deployment/kustomizations/examples/secret-wren_example.yaml`.

Reviewer: typo: `sqllite` -> `sqlite`
